LF: Update specification with Contract ID Comparability check (#10703)
digital-asset/daml: daml-lf/spec/contract-id.rst

  uniqueness of the contract ID in a distributed ledger.

Local/Global Contract IDs
-------------------------

In a transaction we distinguish two kinds of contract IDs:

* The *local* contract IDs are the IDs of the contracts created by the
  transaction.

* The *global* contract IDs are the contract IDs that:

   * appear in the commands that produced the transaction. This
     includes the IDs of the exercised contract, together with all the
     IDs referenced in the arguments of the create and exercise
     commands;
   * that are fetched or looked up by key unless they are local;

>    * are referenced in the payloads of the fetched contracts.

Reviewer: nit: arguably input is more correct since an exercise does not have a direct fetch

Author: ```suggestion
   * are referenced in the input contracts.
```

allocated discriminators.

Contract ID Comparability
-------------------------

> The so-called *contract ID comparability restriction*, states that the
> comparison of a local contract ID with a global contract IDs
> that have the same discriminator is forbidden. Engine compliant with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The so-called *contract ID comparability restriction*, states that the
comparison of a local contract ID with a global contract ID
with the same discriminator is forbidden. Engine compliant with
```

> that have the same discriminator is forbidden. Engine compliant with
> this specification, should reject with a fatal error any attempt to
> compare during interpretation such IDs, either explicitly (using
> Generic equality and order builtins) or implicitly (though ordering of
> key in generic maps). Ledger implementations that suffix contract IDs
> should furthermore enforce that all global Contract IDs are suffixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that have the same discriminator is forbidden. Any attempt to
compare such IDs during interpretation, either explicitly (using
Generic equality and order builtins) or implicitly (though ordering of
key in generic maps), must be rejected. Ledger implementations that suffix contract IDs
should furthermore enforce that all global Contract IDs are suffixed.
```

Depending on the ledger implementation, the local contract IDs are
suffixed with a suffix in a later step. This yields the *committed

> transaction*. In the case the ledger require suffixing

Reviewer: incomplete sentence?

Author: ```suggestion
transaction*. 
```
